PLACE MESSAGES

Superliminal Space: You look forwards, at the crossroads, a slightly superliminal place. A path directly ahead of you leads to a giant grey, snow-capped mountain shrouded by clouds which half hides the bright sun. To the right there is a path leading to a green and life-filled forest. The treetops are shrouded by storm clouds and a dark atmosphere emanates from it. The left path leads to a barren and arid desert with a few littered canyons and scorching heat that can be felt even from here.

Forrest Start: You decide that this is the best option for food and that it will be easier to survive.

Mountain Base: You are filled with a burning curiosity and decide to make headway for the mountain.

Desert Start: Even though you might not find water there you think it is the best option for refuge. You slowly stroll forwards, brushing the sand with your feet as the sun scorches the back of your neck. You see a set of large rocks to the left that look like could be good for refuge and might be a bit humid. You can also see a small shadow far off to the right and think it could be an oasis. Or you could carry on forwards just incase you find anything better.

Desert Shadow: After some walking, you find a palm tree with an "X" carved into it, as this had always meant treasure in your world, you dig a few centimeters and find a small coin, when you go to touch it, a surge of power ruches through you as you feel an increase of energy traveling through you body. Now you can only go backwards.

Desert Rocks: "You find a few boulders grouped seemingly randomly around a larger center boulder where a line of text written in the same language as on your cuff bracelet an ark

Desert Canyon: You slowly go down to the canyon to see what's there. As you preceed, you see the great expanse of the land, with the yellow sand that expands to the horizon.

Tilled Land: You decided that you don't want to go in the traditional directions presented to you, and you decide to start digging downwards. You appear into a secret network of tunnels underneath the map that no oe knew existed.

COMPASS


